So here we are.
This is a zero-give enemy in the southern border
Master, what is your choice of the enemy?
This looks like an ordinary bamboo flute
In fact, it was transformed by the southern border scale snake
Toxicity spreads while playing
Due to the fact that thousands of venomous snakes regard it as new
Not to mention that the person playing is the head of the Heyuan School
The subtlety of his technique
I'm afraid that the real sheep-eating people are better than the others.
How to Deal with Snake Venom King Dragon Ball
How good is this man?
Miaoxian Combat Power 58
Magic Treasure Name Serpentine Terror Index 99
No one has taken it so far
A mere mortal is actually suffering
Little brother, you are not simple either.
You know that God is suffering
The little brother looks really good.
It's a pity that my snake's venom is higher than yours
Otherwise, don't despise it.
Go back to the palace with my sister and let my sister pet you
Immortal Miao, please respect yourself
There are flaws in all the magic weapons in the world
Advise the head not to be too confident
Since you toast and don't eat and drink
Then don't blame my sister for being ruthless
What are you talking about?
Worse than Zhen Jialing
Hahahaha
It seems that this sword cannot be taken away
Mr. Miao, if I could ruin your life
The head again